README.md, before:

# leetcode

Index |	Title	|Acceptance	|Difficulty
-- |-----|-----|-------------
1.|Two Sum|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/1.%20Two%20Sum/twosum.c)|Easy
2|Add Two Numbers|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/solution.c)|Medium
5|Longest Palindromic Substring|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/5.%20Longest%20Palindromic%20Substring/solution.c)|Medium 
7|Reverse Integer|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/7.%20Reverse%20Integer/twosum.c)|Easy
8|String to Integer|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/8.%20String%20to%20Integer/atoi.c)|Medium
9|Palindrome Number|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/9.%20Palindrome%20Number/is_palindrome.c)|Easy
13|Roman to Integer|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/13.%20Roman%20to%20Integer/roman_to_integer.c)|Easy
14|Longest Common Prefix |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/longest_common_prefix.c)|Easy
20|Valid Parentheses|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/20.%20Valid%20Parentheses/valid_parentheses.c)|Easy 
21|Merge Two Sorted Lists |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/21.%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/merge_two_lists.c)|Easy
26|Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/solution.c)|Easy
27|Remove Element|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/27.%20Remove%20Element/solution.c)|Easy 
28|Implement strStr()|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/28.%20Implement%20strStr()/solution.c)|Easy 
35|Search Insert Position|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position/solution.c)|Easy 
53|Maximum Subarray |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/53.%20Maximum%20Subarray/solution.c)|Easy
58|Length of Last Word|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/58.%20Length%20of%20Last%20Word/solution.c)|Easy 
66|Plus One|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/66.%20Plus%20One/solution.c)|Easy
75|Sort Colors|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/75.%20Sort%20Colors/solution.c)|Medium
83|Remove Duplicates from Sorted List |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/solution.c)|Easy
100|Same Tree |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/100.%20Same%20Tree/solution.c)|Easy
136|Single Number 	|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/136.%20Single%20Number/solution.c)|Easy
155|Min Stack|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/155.%20Min%20Stack/solution.c)|Easy
202.|happy_number |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/202.happy_number/ishappy.c)|Easy
242|Valid Anagram |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/242.%20Valid%20Anagram/solution.c)|Easy
263|Ugly Number |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/263.%20Ugly%20Number/isugly.c)|Easy
409|longest_palindrome |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/409.longest_palindrome/longestPalindrome.c)|Easy
459|Repeated Substring Pattern|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/459.%20Repeated%20Substring%20Pattern/solution.c)|Easy
507|Perfect Number |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/507.%20Perfect%20Number/solution.c)|Easy
665|Non-decreasing Array |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/665.%20Non-decreasing%20Array/solution.c)|Easy
680|Valid Palindrome II |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/680.%20Valid%20Palindrome%20II/solution.c)|Easy
724|Find Pivot Index|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/724.%20Find%20Pivot%20Index/solution.c)|Easy
728|Self Dividing Numbers|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/728.%20Self%20Dividing%20Numbers/solution.c)|Easy
762|Prime Number of Set Bits in Binary Representation|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/762.%20Prime%20Number%20of%20Set%20Bits%20in%20Binary%20Representation/solution.c)|Easy

Commit message:

finished 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell

README.md, after:

# leetcode

Index |	Title	|Acceptance	|Difficulty
-- |-----|-----|-------------
1.|Two Sum|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/1.%20Two%20Sum/twosum.c)|Easy
2|Add Two Numbers|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/solution.c)|Medium
5|Longest Palindromic Substring|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/5.%20Longest%20Palindromic%20Substring/solution.c)|Medium 
7|Reverse Integer|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/7.%20Reverse%20Integer/twosum.c)|Easy
8|String to Integer|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/8.%20String%20to%20Integer/atoi.c)|Medium
9|Palindrome Number|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/9.%20Palindrome%20Number/is_palindrome.c)|Easy
13|Roman to Integer|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/13.%20Roman%20to%20Integer/roman_to_integer.c)|Easy
14|Longest Common Prefix |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/longest_common_prefix.c)|Easy
20|Valid Parentheses|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/20.%20Valid%20Parentheses/valid_parentheses.c)|Easy 
21|Merge Two Sorted Lists |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/21.%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/merge_two_lists.c)|Easy
26|Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/solution.c)|Easy
27|Remove Element|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/27.%20Remove%20Element/solution.c)|Easy 
28|Implement strStr()|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/28.%20Implement%20strStr()/solution.c)|Easy 
35|Search Insert Position|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position/solution.c)|Easy 
53|Maximum Subarray |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/53.%20Maximum%20Subarray/solution.c)|Easy
58|Length of Last Word|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/58.%20Length%20of%20Last%20Word/solution.c)|Easy 
66|Plus One|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/66.%20Plus%20One/solution.c)|Easy
75|Sort Colors|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/75.%20Sort%20Colors/solution.c)|Medium
83|Remove Duplicates from Sorted List |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/solution.c)|Easy
100|Same Tree |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/100.%20Same%20Tree/solution.c)|Easy
121|Best Time to Buy and Sell |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell/solution.c)|Easy
136|Single Number 	|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/136.%20Single%20Number/solution.c)|Easy
155|Min Stack|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/155.%20Min%20Stack/solution.c)|Easy
202.|happy_number |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/202.happy_number/ishappy.c)|Easy
242|Valid Anagram |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/242.%20Valid%20Anagram/solution.c)|Easy
263|Ugly Number |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/263.%20Ugly%20Number/isugly.c)|Easy
409|longest_palindrome |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/409.longest_palindrome/longestPalindrome.c)|Easy
459|Repeated Substring Pattern|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/459.%20Repeated%20Substring%20Pattern/solution.c)|Easy
507|Perfect Number |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/507.%20Perfect%20Number/solution.c)|Easy
665|Non-decreasing Array |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/665.%20Non-decreasing%20Array/solution.c)|Easy
680|Valid Palindrome II |[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/680.%20Valid%20Palindrome%20II/solution.c)|Easy
724|Find Pivot Index|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/724.%20Find%20Pivot%20Index/solution.c)|Easy
728|Self Dividing Numbers|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/728.%20Self%20Dividing%20Numbers/solution.c)|Easy
762|Prime Number of Set Bits in Binary Representation|[Solved](https://github.com/Art2Cat/leetcode/blob/master/762.%20Prime%20Number%20of%20Set%20Bits%20in%20Binary%20Representation/solution.c)|Easy
